d臺灣學術網BBS_TANet
d大學站台
d大同
s大同工設海流之村 (1999/8/14創)	bbs.id.ttu.edu.tw
s大同電機無限風雲 (2000/5/24)	bbs.ee.ttu.edu.tw
s大同電機無限星雲 (1997/12/25)	star.ee.ttu.edu.tw
s大同資訊秘密情人 (1993/5創站)	bbs.cse.ttu.edu.tw

d大葉
s大葉資工天資驕子	bbs.csie.dyu.edu.tw
s大葉資管資識份子	dyuim.twbbs.org
s大葉戀戀紅城	bbs.dyu.edu.tw

d中山
s中山Kahn	kahn.twbbs.org
s中山七月七日晴	77bbs.com
s中山山抹微雲	vicky.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山牙醫嗑牙小棧	dentistry.twbbs.org
s中山光之大陸伊莉琴斯 (卡通動畫討論)	bbs.irradiance.net
s中山有夢有朋友	friend.dormb.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山材料科學研究所	mse.twbbs.org
s中山南十字 (天文資訊交流)	crux.twbbs.org
s中山科學新世界	140.117.32.133
s中山計中西灣	bbs3.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山計中美麗之島	bbs.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山音樂山抹微雲 (藝文專業站)	vicky.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山財管西灣財情	bbs.finance.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山偉兒小站	paul.twbbs.org
s中山鹿苑五明學館	bbs.iyard.org
s中山傷心咖啡店	coffee.twbbs.org
s中山資管風雲	bbs.mis.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山電機漢神小站	bbs.ee.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山網推會	cdpa.twbbs.org
s中山織夢水榭	amanda.chem.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山醫學大學絮情小站	bbs.csmu.edu.tw

d中央
s中央土木大哥大站	bbs.cv.ncu.edu.tw
s中央大紅花的國度 (大馬僑生集中地)	msia.twbbs.org
s中央大學我的站	binbin.twbbs.org
s中央小花秘密花園	spoty.twbbs.org
s中央小布丁的家	pudding.twbbs.org
s中央友情天地 (港澳僑生集中)	friend.twbbs.org
s中央天空之城圖書資訊	bbs.lib.ncu.edu.tw
s中央打屁人之家	floyed.twbbs.org
s中央地科深藍色的脈動	bbs.gep.ncu.edu.tw
s中央冷寧館	bbs.chem.ncu.edu.tw
s中央快樂小站	happy.che.ncu.edu.tw
s中央汪汪大學	bark.twbbs.org
s中央松濤風情	evergreen.twbbs.org
s中央初心庭園 (企管系)	bbs.ba.mgt.ncu.edu.tw
s中央春風化雨	ncuedu.twbbs.org
s中央烏魚子的故鄉 (屏東縣特色)	pingtung.twbbs.org
s中央基友小站	atm2.ee.ncu.edu.tw
s中央情報局 (音樂及影劇)	cia.twbbs.org
s中央紫筠軒	ziyun.twbbs.org
s中央傲天狂鷹	alone.twbbs.org
s中央資工91小站	ncucsie.twbbs.org
s中央資工二進位的世界	binary.twbbs.org
s中央資工惡魔電網	ncucsie.twbbs.org
s中央資管龍貓天地	bbs.mgt.ncu.edu.tw
s中央數位人性 (資訊管理學系)	mis.mgt.ncu.edu.tw
s中央機械純真年代	naiveage.me.ncu.edu.tw
s中央織夢天堂 (數學系)	bbs.math.ncu.edu.tw
s中央財金中央銀行	140.115.160.160

d中正
s中正四百年來第一站 (資工)	firebird.twbbs.org
s中正企管酷巴企業站	bbs2.ba.ccu.edu.tw
s中正地環琅環福地	eq.twbbs.org
s中正芭樂的故鄉	bala.twbbs.org
s中正怒火燎原	bw.twbbs.org
s中正風雪小居 (Port:)	genesis.cs.ccu.edu.tw
s中正計中寂寞芳心 (提供POP3郵箱)	bbs.ccu.edu.tw
s中正彩虹汽水的故鄉 (社福交流園地)	bbs.sw.ccu.edu.tw
s中正化學生化紫荊神化	bbs.chem.ccu.edu.tw
s中正電機網路中繼	bbs.ee.ccu.edu.tw
s中正機械小天堂	bbs.me.ccu.edu.tw
s中正精密機械實驗室	dns.me.ccu.edu.tw
s中正數學	bbs.math.ccu.edu.tw
s中正築夢園	cd.twbbs.org

d中原
s中原工工東廠	bbs.ie.cycu.edu.tw
s中原土木紅潮站	river.cycu.edu.tw
s中原大輪子BBS (醫工/心理/財法)	bbs.be.cycu.edu.tw
s中原物以類聚 (中原物理站)	bbsphys.cycu.edu.tw
s中原咖忍帝國	chemist.twbbs.org
s中原企管黃色企鵝廣場	bbs.ba.cycu.edu.tw
s中原建築大觀園	arch.cycu.edu.tw
s中原計中方向站	bbs.cycu.edu.tw
s中原新不了情	shing.ice.cycu.edu.tw
s中原資工神秘之旅	cycuice.twbbs.org
s中原資管森林站	forest.twbbs.org
s中原電子飛行船	bbs.el.cycu.edu.tw
s中原電機心站	bbs.ee.cycu.edu.tw
s中原數學之家	bbs.math.cycu.edu.tw
s中原遨遊者國度	scout.twbbs.org
s中原機械FreeBSD樂園	cymebsd.twbbs.org
s中原機械小馬樂園	bbs.me.cycu.edu.tw
s中原醫工失落之城	sofia.be.cycu.edu.tw

d中國
s中國醫藥華佗站	bbs.cmc.edu.tw

d中華
s中華工管不夜工坊	bbs.im.chu.edu.tw
s中華巴哈姆特 (電玩討論區)	bahamut.org
s中華方城	bbs.chu.edu.tw
s中華資工脫客一族	talkman.twbbs.org
s中華資工摩卡小築	bbs.csie.chu.edu.tw
s中華資管妖精森林	bbs.mi.chu.edu.tw
s中華臺灣網路電臺	acg.twbbs.org
s中華擁擠的樂園	wuliwala.twbbs.org

d中興
s中興小獸醫的窩	bbs.vm.nchu.edu.tw
s中興天機資訊網	wwwme.nchu.edu.tw
s中興化學實驗室	lab.twbbs.org.tw
s中興材料	nchumse.twbbs.org
s中興計中天樞資訊	bbs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興化工童化工坊	bbs.che.nchu.edu.tw
s中興植物系	bbs.bot.nchu.edu.tw
s中興資科	bbs.cs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興電機拿鐵屋	bbs.ee.nchu.edu.tw
s中興神雞領域 (有網頁服務)	amebbs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興應數理想國	dl.twbbs.org

d元智
s元智工工實驗小站	bbs.iem.yzu.edu.tw
s元智火車站 (新火車站)	bbs.cse.yzu.edu.tw
s元智白爛軍團	skytree.twbbs.org
s元智風之塔站	bbs.yzu.edu.tw
s元智資訊社會研究所	bbs.infosoc.yzu.edu.tw
s元智資管螺絲起子	imbbs.twbbs.org
s元智臨風小築 (login:bbs)	swallow.twbbs.org
s元智芊芊俱樂部 (Port:22)	star.iem.yzu.edu.tw:22
s元智賊窩	jwo.twbbs.org

d文大
s文大天空之城 (機械)	nme.twbbs.org
s文大邪惡帝國	evil.twbbs.org
s文大牧野小語	animal.pccu.edu.tw
s文大哎呀~~誤上印船 (資傳)	art.twbbs.org
s文大城區部懶貓站	lazycat.pccu.edu.tw
s文大計中華岡站	bbs.pccu.edu.tw
s文大悠遊貓的螞蟻窩	yoyo.ee.pccu.edu.tw
s文大資科站栗時空	bbs.cs.pccu.edu.tw
s文大資管築夢天地	bbs.imd.pccu.edu.tw
s文大應數笛卡兒站	bbs.sam.pccu.edu.tw
s文大織工竹子湖畔	tex.pccu.edu.tw

d世新
s世新山洞外的天空 (印刷攝影討論)	bbs.gc.shu.edu.tw
s世新資管	im2.shu.edu.tw
s世新資管網策會研習站 (login:bbs)	nell.im.shu.edu.tw
s世新資傳道聽圖說	icbbs.shu.edu.tw
s世新翠穀風情	bbs.shu.edu.tw

d台大
s台大FreeBSD俱樂部	freebsd.ntu.edu.tw
s台大小Ｑ天堂	q.twbbs.org
s台大小保羅快速沖印	apollo.twbbs.org
s台大小魚的紫色花園 (ANSI美工討論)	fpg.twbbs.org
s台大不良牛牧場	bbs.badcow.com.tw
s台大天外魔境 (布袋戲討論)	phx.b81.org
s台大心情小築	heart.twbbs.org
s台大水世界	stevel.twbbs.org
s台大牙醫	dent.twbbs.org
s台大卡莎米亞	casamia.twbbs.org
s台大未來最舊小棧	ofo.twbbs.org
s台大地理小站	bbs.geog.ntu.edu.tw
s台大自治區	depot.m7.ntu.edu.tw
s台大我們一家都很笨	wave.twbbs.org
s台大批踢踢實業坊	ptt.cc
s台大新批踢踢 (個人/團版)	ptt2.cc
s台大物理冷月流蘇	bbs.phys.ntu.edu.tw
s台大花架夜未眠	flower.twbbs.org
s台大虎崗歲月	warp.twbbs.org
s台大俊男之家	handsome.twbbs.org
s台大柏拉圖的天空	heaven.twbbs.org
s台大流金歲月	horner.twbbs.org
s台大洗屁屁	cpp.twbbs.org
s台大風之殿堂	pow.twbbs.org
s台大風月星 (嘸蝦米討論區)	wmstar.twbbs.org
s台大飛行本紀站	solitude.twbbs.org
s台大畜情小歇	bbs.ansc.ntu.edu.tw
s台大造洋船與海洋	bbs.na.ntu.edu.tw
s台大透藍的盒子	bluebox.twbbs.org
s台大森情款款	maple.fo.ntu.edu.tw
s台大植物園	ntutbg.twbbs.org
s台大程式設計樂園 (程式設計討論)	cszone.twbbs.org
s台大陽光沙灘 (動漫畫專站)	bbs.sob.com.tw
s台大椰林風情	bbs.ntu.edu.tw
s台大獅子吼站 (佛學研究專站)	cbs.twbbs.org
s台大資工零度空間	bbs.csie.ntu.edu.tw
s台大資訊史奴比資訊站	snoopy.csie.ntu.edu.tw
s台大資管鳴蟬	bbs.im.ntu.edu.tw
s台大農化小站	bbs.ac.ntu.edu.tw
s台大農經	bbs.agec.ntu.edu.tw
s台大農機小站	bbs.ame.ntu.edu.tw
s台大電機馬克士威	bbs.ee.ntu.edu.tw
s台大嘉友諸羅遊子	chiayi.twbbs.org.tw
s台大熊熊森林	bear.agron.ntu.edu.tw
s台大蜥蜴的八卦站	rice.csie.ntu.edu.tw
s台大墮落之寢	21club.twbbs.org
s台大墮落天堂	tolo.twbbs.org
s台大數學醉月風情	bbs.math.ntu.edu.tw
s台大機械CAD研究室	cadlab.twbbs.org
s台大機械工廠　　	　bbs.me.ntu.edu.tw
s台大蟲蟲森林	bbs.jbug.net
s台大醫學院楓城杏話	bbs.mc.ntu.edu.tw
s台大懶友小窩 (台大蘭友會)	ntu-kavalan.twbbs.org
s台大羅德島	lodoss.m1.ntu.edu.tw
s台大戀戀怡園	yiyun.twbbs.org

d臺北
s臺北大學北極星	polarbbs.ntpu.edu.tw
s臺北大學北極星II	bbs.ntpu.edu.tw
s臺北醫學大學杏林綠意	bbs.tmu.edu.tw

d玄奘
s玄奘我們的故事III	bbs.hcu.edu.tw
s玄奘玄風星城	bbs.imd.hcu.edu.tw

d立德
s立德領導之家	bbs.leader.edu.tw

d交大
s交大FreeBSD-BBS站	freebsd.twbbs.org
s交大IBMDB2	bbs.ibm.nctu.edu.tw
s交大PERPITA站 (印尼同學會站)	perpita.twbbs.org
s交大?可樂罐?	colacan.twbbs.org
s交大土木工程	bbs.cv.nctu.edu.tw
s交大土匪窩	cavemen.twbbs.org
s交大工工咖啡因	caffeine.iem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大工業工程管理	bbs.iem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大中友小站	tfshs.twbbs.org
s交大內灣新小月臺 (鐵道迷不可不去)	emu486.twbbs.org
s交大友情天地	friendship.twbbs.org
s交大天長地久 (羅高校友會/班板)	forever.twbbs.org
s交大幻之月	hhliao.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大文  華風	bmouse.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大文服第一靠邊站	culture.twbbs.org
s交大生科生命之光	nctudbt.twbbs.org
s交大老地方	oldplace.twbbs.org
s交大老鼠的香香乳酪洞	alexbbs.twbbs.org
s交大光電	bbs.ieo.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資工克萊恩大地 (port3456/5023)	KrynnLand.twbbs.org
s交大冷馨居	rouge.dragon2.net
s交大狂沙站	eva.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大亞特蘭提斯 (ACG)	atlantis..twbbs.org
s交大侏羅紀公園	cock.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大咕嚕咕嚕火鍋站	kulu.twbbs.org
s交大果茶小站	ftbbs.twbbs.org
s交大果茶分店	julian.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大果茶學園	fruittea.cis.nctu.edu.tw
s交大松高人的甜甜窩 (松山高中校友站)	sungshan.twbbs.org
s交大武陵人的桃花源 (武陵高中校友站)	bbs.wuling.org
s交大阿拉伯遜字型大小	alab.twbbs.org
s交大附友小站	hsnu.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s交大信望愛站 (基督信仰,宗教..)	bbs.fhl.net
s交大便便的窩	pipi.twbbs.org
s交大星空下的夜裏	great.twbbs.org.tw
s交大風中琴聲	winds.twbbs.org
s交大科科星站 ((科幻科學社))	scisci.nctu.edu.tw
s交大氣質小站 (login:bbs2)	simon.twbbs.org
s交大健康加油站	health.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s交大淒美燈塔	bbs.ournet.idv.tw
s交大鳥窩 (能人高手等長輩出沒)	BirdNest.twbbs.org
s交大狗窩	dog.twbbs.org
s交大創世紀	haha.cm.nctu.edu.tw
s交大單身俱樂部	ting.dorm3.nctu.edu.tw
s交大無名小站	wretch.twbbs.org
s交大逸情雲上	totoro.twbbs.org
s交大黑傑克的窩	blackj.twbbs.org.tw
s交大楠崗星球沛斯特市	pest.dorm9.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資工九號星站	syshen.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資工天龍資訊站	bbs.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s交大玲瓏水榭 (個人版/班版)	sungsung.dragon2.net
s交大資科	bbs.cis.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資科Windows-NT (討論)	cisnt.cis.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資科遊民之家	LHD.twbbs.org
s交大資管心靈小站	bbs.iim.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電子伊電園	bbs.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電物	epbsd.ep.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電物黑店	isaac.dorm13.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電信風信遊子	bbs.cm.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電控天空之城	laputa.twbbs.org
s交大電控官方站	www.cn.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電控天馬行空	ECESky.twbbs.org
s交大夢幻國度	native.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s交大夢在花蓮海岸 (全國花友會)	dreams.twbbs.org
s交大管研	ims.tpe.nctu.edu.tw
s交大管科灰姑娘城堡	cinderella.twbbs.org
s交大網上鄰居	bbs.tem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大臺灣文化	twserv.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s交大蜜峰資訊站	chs.twbbs.org
s交大墮落山寨	shoyo.twbbs.org
s交大墮落天堂	223bbs.twbbs.org
s交大數位訊號處理實驗室	tomato.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s交大黎明高山人	liming.twbbs.org
s交大築夢木屋 (交大資工89級)	Life.twbbs.org
s交大機械工程	bbs.me.nctu.edu.tw
s交大應化蔚藍海	bbs.ac.nctu.edu.tw
s交大應用數學	bbs.math.nctu.edu.tw
s交大應數小鹿鹿 (port:3456)	deer.twbbs.org:3456
s交大織夢仙境	ep.twbbs.org
s交大蟬寶寶的家	cicada.twbbs.org
s交大羅德島	bangbang.dorm9.nctu.edu.tw
s交大飄雨蘭城 (宜中/蘭女班板)	kavalan.twbbs.org
s交大戀戀半線情 (彰友會)	hua.twbbs.org

d成大
s成大三國演義	thchen.ch.ncku.edu.tw
s成大土木大地雕塑	bbs.civil.ncku.edu.tw
s成大土木塵土飛揚 (支持GB碼)	bbs2.civil.ncku.edu.tw
s成大工程科學忘情小築	bbs.es.ncku.edu.tw
s成大化學八六	chem86.twbbs.org
s成大化學煉丹師站	bbs.ch.ncku.edu.tw
s成大失落的國度 (login:doombbs)	news.ccns.ncku.edu.tw
s成大生物秘密基地	bio.twbbs.org
s成大生物飛翔站	flight.twbbs.org
s成大白爛小站	bbs.hsnuer.net
s成大交管寰宇交流 (交通運輸專業板)	bbs.tcm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大回憶木星	jupiterr.twbbs.org
s成大艾斯特裏亞	yawl.twbbs.org
s成大西風輕拂	chs.v1.dorm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大杏林百花小島	drdj.g1.dorm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大材料化學 (有BBSnet功能)	papa.ch.ncku.edu.tw
s成大和風小築	basara.v1.dorm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大物治黃金之島 (物理治療複健)	bbs.pt.ncku.edu.tw
s成大物理-Feynman	bbs.phy.ncku.edu.tw
s成大花栗鼠站 (有bbsnet功能)	ds119.ee.ncku.edu.tw
s成大阿瑪迪斯 (always)	amadeus.twbbs.org
s成大會計會樂天堂	nckuacc.twbbs.org
s成大建築落水山莊	fw.twbbs.org
s成大計中	bbs.ncku.edu.tw
s成大海洋之心	oceanheart.g1.dorm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大基情歲月	nchu-gfer.twbbs.org
s成大情有獨鍾	onlylove.twbbs.org
s成大救護小站 (緊急救護)	firstaid.ncku.edu.tw
s成大理想國度	gdi.k1.dorm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大設計小築 (設計藝術專站)	id.ide.ncku.edu.tw
s成大設計實驗站	id.twbbs.org
s成大行動通訊專門站 (通訊產品專站)	cellular.twbbs.org
s成大測量測不准園地	bbs.sv.ncku.edu.tw
s成大楓醉小島	bbs.hyd.ncku.edu.tw
s成大資工研究所 (重金屬精華區)	bbs.iie.ncku.edu.tw
s成大資研站	ncku-iie.twbbs.org
s成大資工醉資心	goodguy.csie.ncku.edu.tw
s成大電機風之穀	bbs.ee.ncku.edu.tw
s成大夢之大地	bbs.ccns.ncku.edu.tw
s成大管弦好管弦事	orch.twbbs.org
s成大醫學回風穀	bbs.med.ncku.edu.tw
s成大機動車研究社	cmvs.twbbs.org
s成大機械機緣小站	bbs.me.ncku.edu.tw
s成大獨角獸的私人小站	klf.twbbs.org
s成大築夢小居	adb.iie.ncku.edu.tw
s成大貓咪樂園 (小說/文學專站)	miou.mat.ncku.edu.tw

d東吳
s東吳城區夜未眠	scucis.twbbs.org
s東吳溪城	bbs.scu.edu.tw
s東吳機研社	scumotor.twbbs.org

d東海
s東海大度山之戀	bbs.thu.edu.tw
s東海大學環科水世界	twsg.thu.edu.tw
s東海石頭記樂園 (藝文/社會議題)	stone.thu.edu.tw
s東海化工世紀化工	che.thu.edu.tw
s東海快樂夢工廠	happy.twbbs.org
s東海資工與資科．資訊傳奇inf.csie.thu.edu.tw	140.128.101.152
s東海管院花之嚮導	casper.twbbs.org
s東海國貿秘密花園	bbs.trade.thu.edu.tw
s東海數學陽光草坪	som.twbbs.org

d東華
s東華東方小城	bbs.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華經濟小窩	econ.twbbs.org
s東華電機後山星城	bbs.ee.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華資工志哈喀	bbs.csie.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華應數奧林帕斯	bbs.am.ndhu.edu.tw

d空中
s空中大學蒲公英	bbs.nou.edu.tw

d長庚
s長庚大學巧克力傳奇	bbs.cgu.edu.tw
s長庚大學醫學醫甸園	bbs.med.cgu.edu.tw

d長榮
s長榮資管芒果樹下	mango.twbbs.org
s長榮夢幻田園	bbs.cju.edu.tw

d政大
s政大YKLM大學	yklm.twbbs.org
s政大小王子的星球	prince.twbbs.org
s政大天籟國樂站	tenlai.twbbs.org
s政大月光森林	moonforest.twbbs.org
s政大狂狷年少 (kg.twbbs.org)	kgbbs.net
s政大指南山城	mis.twbbs.org
s政大英語神秘地帶 (電視影集討論區)	pahud.twbbs.org
s政大商學院學生站	commerce.twbbs.org
s政大國醫醫心	col.twbbs.org
s政大煮酒論英雄	saloon.twbbs.org
s政大發呆天地	yuen.twbbs.org
s政大資科蟲蟲森林	bbs.jbug.net
s政大資科貓空行館	bbs.cs.nccu.edu.tw
s政大資管自由落體	diane.twbbs.org
s政大認知實驗室	psylab.nccu.edu.tw
s政大應數荒漠傳奇	desert.twbbs.org

d南華
s南華大學桉樹小徑	bbs.nhu.edu.tw

d師大
s師大人民公社	cvic.org
s師大小室音站	komuro.dorm1.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大工技傲月傳說	bbs.ite.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大工技濱水七星居	water.ite.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大生物西米露小站	similu.twbbs.org
s師大物理楊格資訊站	yunger.phy.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大美人窩	art.dorm1.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大計中嚮導之城	bbs.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大原史空間	bbs.his.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大教育我的家	bbs.ed.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大惡魔島	pe.twbbs.org
s師大資訊白色情迷	bbs.ice.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大夢幻遊戲	dreamland.twbbs.org
s師大數學獨數一閣	bbs.math.ntnu.edu.tw

d海洋
s海洋大學計中	bbs.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋大學養殖線上	bbs.aqua.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋田寮別業 (文學討論)	jct.twbbs.org
s海洋電機忘晴海	bbs.ee.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋河工征服河海 (port:2000)	bbs.hre.ntou.edu.tw:2000
s海洋系工一笑茶舫	bbs.se.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋黃色檸檬樹	lemon.twbbs.org
s海洋資科網際時空	ntoucs.twbbs.org
s海洋機械阿爾凡斯	mebbs.twbbs.org

d真理
s真理大學戀戀情真 (班/系板(含麻豆))	bbs2.au.edu.tw
s真理大學白鷺鷥的天堂 (麻豆校區)	bbs.mt.au.edu.tw
s真理大學雲淡風輕 (淡水校區)	bbs.au.edu.tw

d高師
s高師大生死幻夢觀想	joel.twbbs.org
s高師大物理風雲小棧	bbs.phy.nknu.edu.tw
s高師大南鐸資訊村	nknu.twbbs.org
s高師大資訊教育研究所	nknuice.twbbs.org
s高師大數學魔術空間	ftp.math.nknu.edu.tw

d高雄
s高雄大學原野星辰	bbs.nuk.edu.tw
s高大電機叮噹學園	bbs.ee.nuk.edu.tw

d淡江
s淡江OS/2測試站	march.ipc.tku.edu.tw
s淡江newage分站	newage.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江小雪球	snow.twbbs.org
s淡江化工造物之主 (login:bbs)	bbs.che.tku.edu.tw
s淡江化學OPA-BBS站 (淡江化學系)	bbs.chem.tku.edu.tw
s淡江生態系統	eco.twbbs.org
s淡江企管多管賢士	bbs.mb.tku.edu.tw
s淡江保險河左岸廣場	bbs.ins.tku.edu.tw
s淡江校務行政站	adm.tku.edu.tw
s淡江建築西堤不夜城	city.arch.tku.edu.tw
s淡江窈窕淑女	bbs.lady.idv.tw
s淡江統計光明頂站	bbs.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江統計放輕鬆站 (login:bbs2)	mail.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江蛋捲個人站	tkupro.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江蛋捲新系統測試站	loyal.ee.tku.edu.tw
s淡江淡淡的山嶽天BBS (登山資訊)	bbs.tkumcc.idv.tw
s淡江渡船頭之戀 (資管系)	bbs.im.tku.edu.tw
s淡江新資工地下站	guess.twbbs.org
s淡江會計蛋漿會計	bbs.acc.tku.edu.tw
s淡江資工地上站	bbs.cs.tku.edu.tw
s淡江資管星星之戀	starlove.im.tku.edu.tw
s淡江電機蛋漿電機	bbs.ee.tku.edu.tw
s淡江網路社雲淡風輕	bbs.tkcna.tku.edu.tw
s淡江網路世代	era.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江數學淡數又何奈	bbs.math.tku.edu.tw
s淡江暮色沙侖海灘	bbs.ew.tku.edu.tw
s淡江蝙蝠資訊站	bat.twbbs.org

d清華
s清華E.E-Station	140.114.200.204
s清華人工智慧實驗室	aids.cs.nthu.edu.tw
s清華不老的傳說	noold.twbbs.org
s清華女性主義	bbs.feminism.net
s清華工工集成超人	bbs.ie.nthu.edu.tw
s清華生命科學	bbs.life.nthu.edu.tw
s清華材料魔鬼的情詩	bbs.mse.nthu.edu.tw
s清華明日教師學會	bbs.cte.nthu.edu.tw
s清華泡芙機場 (動機/外語合站)	bbs.pme.nthu.edu.tw
s清華恨情歌工作坊	hls.twbbs.org
s清華星空之子 (天文資訊交流)	astro.club.nthu.edu.tw
s清華風之國度 (音樂,樂器專版)	music.fhl.net
s清華風城物語	bbs.pme.nthu.edu.tw
s清華原科原子爐站	bbs.ns.nthu.edu.tw
s清華核子核家歡站	bbs.ess.nthu.edu.tw
s清華烏龜島	antigpl.net
s清華情緒商店	ipi.cs.nthu.edu.tw
s清華化學超共軛感應	bbs.chem.nthu.edu.tw
s清華經濟錢是經生	bbs.econ.nthu.edu.tw
s清華新單身俱樂部	fighter.dorm.nthu.edu.tw
s清華萬惡沙雷姆站	hacker.dorm.nthu.edu.tw
s清華資科楓橋驛站	bbs.cs.nthu.edu.tw
s清華資電集成	micro4.ee.nthu.edu.tw
s清華電機星星站	bbs.ee.nthu.edu.tw
s清華圖書館 (login:bbs)	www.lib.nthu.edu.tw
s清華摔角狂熱	wrestle.twbbs.org
s清華數學數大招風	bbs.math.nthu.edu.tw
s清華衛道會	viator.twbbs.org
s清華糖果的溫馨小屋 (Port:23)	sugarii.dorm.nthu.edu.tw
s清華藍色琉璃海 (最早的志炫版)	chorus.ee.nthu.edu.tw
s清華壞女兒站 (女同志專業站)	dawz.feminism.net

d逢甲
s逢甲交通工管(舊站) (login:bbs)	pluto.ttem.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲交管車站(新站)	bbs.ttem.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲建築雅砌建築	bbs.arch.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲計中蒼穹資訊網 (提供POP3郵箱)	bbs.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲飛翔之城	bbs.ece.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲雞房心語	bbs.pcroom.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲逢情九九	bbs.ee.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲資工電子公佈欄 (login:bbs)	bbs.iecs.fcu.edu.tw

d北藝
s國立臺北藝術大學 (關豆門藝術專業)	bbs.tnua.edu.tw

d台藝
s國立臺灣藝大大佾台	bbs.ntua.edu.tw

d華梵
s華梵大侖山夜市	e2.twbbs.org
s華梵外文地下手紮	birdbath.hfu.edu.tw
s華梵阿育王	bbs.hfu.edu.tw

d陽明
s陽明神農坡	bbs.ym.edu.tw
s陽明夢的花園	bbs2.ym.edu.tw
s陽明生科夢回  哩岸	dls.twbbs.org
s陽明亞特蘭提斯	bbs.ats.idv.tw
s陽明圓夢廣場	fancy.twbbs.org

d義守
s義守大學工管力納斯	bbs.im.isu.edu.tw
s義守大學陽光椰林	alway.twbbs.org
s義守大學觀山風情	bbs.isu.edu.tw

d慈濟
s慈濟大學草食動物園站	bbs.tcu.edu.tw
s慈濟大學蜘蛛養貓	beef.tcu.edu.tw
s慈濟大學蔚藍海岸	perl.twbbs.org

d嘉義
s嘉義計中B (bbs.ncyu.edu.tw)	S
s嘉義資工雁渡蘭潭	bbs.csie.ncyu.edu.tw
s嘉義大學學生會新綠園 (原嘉義師院綠園)	bbs.sa.ncyu.edu.tw
s嘉義大學應數五虎幫	bbs.math.ncyu.edu.tw

d實踐
s實踐大學計中夢想家 (官方站)	bbs.usc.edu.tw
s(南)實踐晨曦之星 (高雄校區)	bbs.kh.usc.edu.tw
s實踐大學電研電電情深 (實踐電研社)	csc.twbbs.org

d彰師
s彰師生命擎天崗 (POP3與線上占卜)	bbs.bio.ncue.edu.tw

d暨南
s暨南國際大學水沙連站	bbs.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南公行公然橫行站	dppa.twbbs.org
s暨南國企國王企鵝站	bbs.ibs.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南資工霞蔚山城	henry.twbbs.org
s暨南資管小站	swan.twbbs.org
s暨南電機	bbs.ee.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南歷史有一個站	bbs.his.ncnu.edu.tw

d輔大
s輔大烏拉屁	plato.twbbs.org

d輔仁
s輔仁HIGH客樂園八掛棧	cool.lacc.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁化學怪獸窩站	bbs.ch.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁方程式小魔女	bbs.math.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁生物鴨子寮 (生物學討論)	bbs.bio.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁光梭物戀	dirac.phy.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁完全發燒-MUdmud.twbbs.org
s輔仁玫瑰花園	li.ntcc.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁星河夜話	bbs.starbbs.net
s輔仁柏拉圖·理想國	plato.soci.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁美少女夢工廠	bbs.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁奧林帕斯仙境	bbs.yix.net
s輔仁資工謠言報	bbs.csie.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁資訊網紅色魔鬼	bsd.im.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁資管藍色嚮導	bbs.im.fju.edu.tw
s輔仁應心情治社區 (心理學討論)	bbs.apsy.fju.edu.tw

d銘傳
s銘傳資工神話站	bbs.cs.mcu.edu.tw
s銘傳築夢別境	bbs.mcu.edu.tw

d靜宜
s靜宜米米客拉部	mimi.twbbs.org
s靜宜秋楓思情	goston.twbbs.org
s靜宜計中	bbs.pu.edu.tw
s靜宜資管水世界站	bbs.cs.pu.edu.tw
s靜宜夢之國度	dcb.twbbs.org
s靜宜網促會金魚學園	bbs.cnda.pu.edu.tw
s靜宜靜夜星空	uch.twbbs.org

d興國
s興國管理學院	bbs.hku.edu.tw

d公安
s公安大學紫禁城之夢	bbs.cpu.edu.tw

d暨南
s暨南電機91小築	ncnuee.twbbs.org


d科技大學
s臺北科大材資魔法戀城	ntutmm.twbbs.org
s臺北科大計中紅樓資訊站	redbbs.cc.ntut.edu.tw
s臺北科大屁曲小站	pitch.twbbs.org
s臺北科大電子DORAMI	dorami.twbbs.org
s臺北科大電機風馳電掣	bbs.mp.ee.ntut.edu.tw
s正修湖畔風情	bbs.csu.edu.tw
s正修電子水藍色站	bbs.ee.csu.edu.tw
s臺灣科大資工系清流站	ntust.org
s臺灣科大資管銀河之旅 (提供)	fly.twbbs.org
s臺灣科大電子	ntust.twbbs.org
s臺灣科大電機黃金體驗	bbs.ee.ntust.edu.tw
s弘光科技大學	bbs.hk.edu.tw
s明新科技大學藍色國度 (計中站)	bbs.must.edu.tw
s明新科技大學迷戀風崗 (資訊服務社)	whbb.must.edu.tw
s明新科大鵝媽媽工作室	qwqw.twbbs.org
s南台科大FreeBSD-Club (電機系)	freebsd.ee.stut.edu.tw
s南台科大計中	bbs.stut.edu.tw
s南台計中月光海洋	mobbs.stut.edu.tw
s南台科大網路夢想之家 (資管系)	bbs.mis.stut.edu.tw
s南台科大機械系BBS站 (測試站,未開放)	mango.stut.edu.tw
s屏科大太陽城	bbs.npust.edu.tw
s屏科大食品	hoec155.npust.edu.tw
s屏科大資管七月涼山	bbs.mis.npust.edu.tw
s高科大亞太之星	bbs.nkfust.edu.tw
s高科大資管明日資星	bbs.mis.nkfust.edu.tw
s高應大楓城站	bbs.kuas.edu.tw
s清雲科技大學計中BBS站bbs.cyu.edu.tw	192.192.57.22
s昆山科技大學計中站	bbs.ksut.edu.tw
s朝陽科大晨曦之鄉	bbs.cyut.edu.tw
s朝陽科大資管向日葵	bbs.im.cyut.edu.tw
s雲科大電機歐姆王國	bbs.ee.yuntech.edu.tw
s雲科大熱門音樂優樂勢力	metal.twbbs.org
s雲科大藍天使	bbs.yuntech.edu.tw
s輔英科技大學天使站	bbs.fy.edu.tw
s樹德科技大學	bbs.stu.edu.tw
s龍華科技大學龍崗豪情	bbs.lhu.edu.tw

d師範學院
s北市師院松梅戀曲	bbs.tmtc.edu.tw
s北市師院凱達格蘭	kgbbs.twbbs.org
s台中師院青衿夫子	bbs.ntctc.edu.tw
s臺北師院芝山情緣	bbs.ntptc.edu.tw
s台東師院後花園的尤佳利	koala2000.ntttc.edu.tw
s台東師院無尾熊站	koala.ntttc.edu.tw
s台南師院計中	bbs.ntntc.edu.tw
s花蓮師院粹藍之戀	bbs.nhltc.edu.tw
s花蓮師院數位時代	bbs.mse.nhltc.edu.tw
s南師資訊教育研究所	gicie.twbbs.org
s南師數理小站	192.192.96.230
s屏師幻想零號機	phantasy.twbbs.org
s屏師初教	bbs.ee.npttc.edu.tw
s新竹師院自由之城 (只提供校內使用)	free.nhctc.edu.tw
s新竹師院風之坊	bbs.nhctc.edu.tw

d技術學院
s大仁尋夢園	bbs.tajen.edu.tw
s大華正義學園	src.thit.edu.tw
s大華電子竹林楓	bbs.peipu.com
s中山牙醫嗑牙小棧	dentistry.twbbs.org
s中山醫學絮情小站	csmc.twbbs.org
s中台醫護學院小黑蚊之家bbs.ctc.edu.tw	140.128.148.102
s中國技術學院眷戀山城	bbs.ckitc.edu.tw
s中華技術學院四分溪	bbs.chit.edu.tw
s文藻外語學院文藻小站	bbs.wtuc.edu.tw
s台中技院企管紫月星塵	babbs.twbbs.org
s台中技院計中碧海藍天	bbs.ntit.edu.tw
s臺北商院幻禦魔城	ntcb.twbbs.org
s臺北醫學院杏林綠意	bbs.tmc.edu.tw
s臺北護理學院天使樂園	bbs.ntcn.edu.tw
s台南女子技術學院	bbs.twcat.edu.tw
s正修湖畔風情	bbs.csjc.edu.tw
s正修電子水藍色站	bbsee.twbbs.org
s育達商業技術學院	bbs.ydu.edu.tw
s育達育資星空站	bbs.imydu.edu.tw
s吳鳳技術學院卡布基諾	bbs.wfc.edu.tw
s和春技術學院	bbs.fjtc.edu.tw
s宜蘭技院土匪窩	cvbbs.twbbs.org
s宜蘭技院紅樓頂尖 (N/A)	exbbs.ilantech.edu.tw
s宜蘭技院電機風馳電掣	eebbs.ilantech.edu.tw
s宜蘭技院蘭雨情懷	ilantech.twbbs.org
s虎技計中尋夢園	bbs.nhit.edu.tw
s虎技機制款款柔情	bbs.me.nhit.edu.tw
s南榮電子位元元城市	bbs.ee.njtc.edu.tw
s屏東商業技術學院	bbs.npic.edu.tw
s建國星光夜語	bbs.cktc.edu.tw
s建國技術學院石光隧道 (POP3)	info.ckit.edu.tw
s高雄海院亞特蘭提斯	bbs.nkimt.edu.tw
s高醫心理紙羊牧場 (login:bbs)	bbs.psy.kmc.edu.tw
s高醫紙羊牧場熱鬥 (login:bbs2)	bbs.psy.kmc.edu.tw
s高醫熱帶魚天堂	tropic.twbbs.org
s高醫醫社搖搖樂	bbs.ms.kmc.edu.tw
s致理技術學院	bbs.chihlee.edu.tw
s致遠管理學院心情站	bbs.dwu.edu.tw
s國立體育學院運動堡	cecpro.ncpes.edu.tw
s國防醫學院	ieg.ndmctsgh.edu.tw
s開南管理學院紅磚瓦城	bbs.knu.edu.tw
s景文計中可樂果	bbs.jwit.edu.tw
s勤益技術學院風中情緣	bbs.ncit.edu.tw
s勤益資管站	bbs.mis.ncit.edu.tw
s慈濟技術學院心蓮小站	bbs.tccn.edu.tw
s萬能StarClub	star.im.vit.edu.tw
s萬能沙西米世界	sasimi.ee.vit.edu.tw
s萬能情人站	bbs.vit.edu.tw
s萬能塔內植物園 (植物花卉專站)	tbg.twbbs.org
s遠東技術學院計中站	bbs.fec.edu.tw
s遠東技術學院資管站 (port:1080)	203.64.236.13:1080
s聖約翰(新埔)淡水魚	bbs.sjsmit.edu.tw
s德霖電子 ())	bbs.ee.dlit.edu.tw
s嶺東技術學院玫瑰園	bbs.ltc.edu.tw
s僑光技術學院僑園乳加	bbs.ocit.edu.tw
s聯合技術學院文化宮	sac.twbbs.org
s聯合資研社	lctc.twbbs.org
s聯合資管山城風雲	bbs.mis.nlhu.edu.tw
s體育學院	bbs.ntcpe.edu.tw

d專科學校
s大同商專資管科	bbs.ttc.edu.tw
s大漢工商專校	bbs.dahan.edu.tw
s中華醫專不夜城	ccmt.twbbs.org
s永達工商專校	ibm25t.ytjc.edu.tw
s亞東方城新站	oit.twbbs.org
s亞東電機	academe.ee.oit.edu.tw
s和春工商專校	bbs.fjtc.edu.tw
s東方工商專校	bbs.tf.edu.tw
s南亞快樂希望南亞城 (FreeBSD俱樂部)	chuan.twbbs.org
s南亞夢工廠	hsing.nanya.edu.tw
s南開工商專資訊站	bbs.nkjc.edu.tw
s建國工商專綠崗資訊網	bbs.cktc.edu.tw
s美和護專人間仙境	bbs.meiho.edu.tw
s高苑專校逼逼野史	kyit.twbbs.org
s高苑電子黃金海岸	bbs.ee.kyit.edu.tw
s高苑電子藍色多瑙河	danube.twbbs.org
s高雄餐旅蘭亭修楔	bbs.nkhc.edu.tw
s崇右企專紫薇山城	bbs.cyjcba.edu.tw
s華夏工商專校人間風月	bbs.hwh.edu.tw
s慈濟護專心蓮小站	bbs.tccn.edu.tw
s新埔資研灰瑤子傳奇	bbs.irc.sjsmit.edu.tw
s新埔電機淡水魚	fish.twbbs.org
s新埔觀海亭	bbs.sjsmit.edu.tw
s德明商專夢裏幽情	bbs.tmjcc.edu.tw
s澎湖海事管理專校	bbs.npit.edu.tw
s黎明工專天使之都	angel.twbbs.org
s黎明工專黎崗小築	bbs.lit.edu.tw
s樹德工商專	bbs.stjctc.edu.tw
s樹德工管童話屋	stie.twbbs.org
s樹德化工彩虹仙境	bbs.ce.stjctc.edu.tw
s親民工商專校計中	bbs.chinmin.edu.tw
s醒吾射陽崗站	bbs.hwc.edu.tw

d職業學校
s三民家商馨園	bbs.smvhs.kh.edu.tw
s三信家商	bbs.sanhsin.edu.tw
s三重商工仲夏星空	bbs.scvs.tpc.edu.tw
s大安高工青藤傳說	bbs.taivs.tp.edu.tw
s中正高工	bbs.ccvs.kh.edu.tw
s中華工商	cc.cjctc.edu.tw
s中壢高商	clvsc.twbbs.org
s中壢家商 (port:2000)	bbs.pclhvs.cl.edu.tw:2000:2000
s內湖高工	bbs.nihs.tp.edu.tw
s台中家商風情畫	bbs.tchcvs.tc.edu.tw
s台中高工樹仔腳	bbs.tcivs.tc.edu.tw
s台中高農	bbs.tcavs.tc.edu.tw
s台東高商	bbs.tscvs.ttct.edu.tw
s台南高工輕風拂夢	bbs.ptivs.tnc.edu.tw
s永和智光商工	bbs.ckvs.tpc.edu.tw
s白河商工	bbs.phvs.tnc.edu.tw
s協和工商	bbs.hhvs.tp.edu.tw
s宜蘭高商宜園雅韻	bbs.ilvs.ilc.edu.tw
s宜蘭羅東高商	bbs.ltcvs.ilc.edu.tw
s松山工農松間小棧	stubbs.twbbs.org
s金門高職湖濱散記	bbs.kmvs.km.edu.tw
s南投高商	bbs.pntcv.ntct.edu.tw
s屏榮商工阿猴城站	prvs.ml.org
s員林農工	bbs.ylvs.chc.edu.tw
s員林農工小紅豬	lms.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s桃園農工楓飄憶情	bbs.tyai.tyc.edu.tw
s草屯商工夢幻水晶	bbs.ttvs.ntct.edu.tw
s高雄育英護校楓橋驛站	bbs.yuhing.kh.edu.tw
s高雄高商嚮導屋	bbs.ksvcs.kh.edu.tw
s高縣中山工商技校	bbs.csic.khc.edu.tw
s智光商工熾光之星	bbs.ckvs.tpc.edu.tw
s曾文家商Twvs 	bbs.twvs.tnc.edu.tw
s華南高商火鳥資訊站	bbs.phnvs.cy.edu.tw
s彰化高商寶藍歲月	bbs.pcscs.chc.edu.tw
s彰化高商幻想嚮導城	bbs.chsc.chc.edu.tw
s彰師附工卦山之城	bbs.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s樹德家商	bbs.shute.edu.tw
s鶯歌高職BBsbbs.ykvs.tpc.edu.tw
s鶯歌高職資訊翔鷹	info.twbbs.org

d軍事院校
s中正理工大溪風嶺	bbs.ccit.edu.tw
s空軍官校藍色可樂基地	colabbs.cafa.edu.tw
s政治作戰學校復興崗 (login:bbs1)	bbs.fhk.edu.tw
s海軍官校	bbs.cna.edu.tw
s國防資管崇廉之風	bbs.ndmc.edu.tw
s國防醫學院	bbs.ndmctsgh.edu.tw

d高級中學
s三重高中紙飛機的天空	scjhbbs.twbbs.org
s大榮高中神氣活現	bbs.dystcs.kh.edu.tw
s中和高中	bbs.chshs.tpc.edu.tw
s中和高中連城記	bbs2.cc.chshs.tpc.edu.tw
s中縣立人高中月光流域 (校友站)	eihaz.twbbs.org
s中壢高中壢網狂瀾	bbs.clhs.tyc.edu.tw
s內湖高中風城築夢	bbs.nhsh.tp.edu.tw
s內湖高中湖之悸	neihu.twbbs.org
s北一女中呼和浩特	bbs.fg.tp.edu.tw
s北市大同高中戀戀榕城	bbs.ttsh.tp.edu.tw
s北市中正高中洛陽紅城	ccsh.twbbs.org
s北市西松高中伊格拉西爾	bbs.hssh.tp.edu.tw
s北市東山高中碧藍孺子	bbs.tshs.tp.edu.tw
s北市松山高中松江水綠 (TWHS轉發)	bbs.sssh.tp.edu.tw
s北市和平高中平水相逢	bbs.hpsh.tp.edu.tw
s北市衛理女中幽闌小徑	bbs.wlgsh.tp.edu.tw
s北門高中南瀛小站	bbs.pmsh.tnc.edu.tw
s北縣明德中學電瘋站	mdhs.twbbs.org
s北縣金山中學金包裏	bbs.cshs.tpc.edu.tw
s北縣新莊高中紅樓夢坊	bbs.hcsh.tpc.edu.tw
s台中一中龍夢紀元	bbs.tcfsh.tc.edu.tw
s台中二中青橄欖站	tcssh.twbbs.org
s台中文華幻想新世界	fantasy.whsh.tc.edu.tw
s台南一中與南共舞	wolf.twbbs.org
s台南二中二見中情 (port:3456)	bbs.tnssh.tn.edu.tw:3456
s台南女中椰風穀	bbs.tngs.tn.edu.tw
s台南市私立瀛海高中	bbs.yhsh.tn.edu.tw
s台南家齊女中齊舞飛揚	bbs.ccgsh.tn.edu.tw
s台南港明中學港灣碼頭	bbs.kmsh.tnc.edu.tw
s台南縣南光中學BBS站	bbs.nkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s正心中學芒果情話	bbs.shsh.ylc.edu.tw
s正心中學雅舍小築	rical.twbbs.org
s永春高中哈哈站	haha.ycsh.tp.edu.tw
s永春高中春光乍現	ycsh.twbbs.org
s光華女中愛在女兒鄉	bbs.khgs.tn.edu.tw
s成功高中濟城歲月	cksh.twbbs.org
s成德高中客雅山崗	bbs.cdjh.hc.edu.tw
s竹山高中篁山傳奇	bbs.cshs.ntct.edu.tw
s竹北高中竹風情緣	bbs3.cpshs.hcc.edu.tw
s竹北高中風城資科	chu-pei.twbbs.org
s竹市科園實中土撥村	marmotbbs.twbbs.org
s竹東高中端梯歲月	bbs.ctsh.hcc.edu.tw
s竹南高中山與海的對話	bbs.cnsh.mlc.edu.tw
s明道中學藍杉風雲	bbs.mingdao.edu.tw
s明道緣定藍衫	benjamin.dorm9.nctu.edu.tw
s板橋高中水藍色的回憶	pcsh.twbbs.org
s武陵高中木棉小築	bbs.wlsh.tyc.edu.tw
s武陵桃花源	bbs.wuling.org
s虎尾高中虎溪傳說 (校友俱樂部)	bbs.hwsh.ylc.edu.tw
s長榮中學	cjshs.twbbs.org
s宜縣羅東高中羅卜田 (支持HyperBBS)	ltshbbs.twbbs.org
s宜縣蘭陽女中蘭園小天	bbs.lygsh.ilc.edu.tw
s宜縣宜蘭高中	lda.ylsh.ilc.edu.tw
s南投高中	bbs.ntsh.ntct.edu.tw
s屏中陽光椰林站	bbs.pths.ptc.edu.tw
s屏女陽光兒女	bbs.ptgsh.ptc.edu.tw
s建中之春 (203.64.26.16)	spring.ck.tp.edu.tw
s建中烏魯木齊	summer.ck.tp.edu.tw
s建中童軍印地安部落	venture.ck.tp.edu.tw
s建中資訊社雅勒尼恩	infor.org
s省立陽明高中清風斜陽	bbs.pymhs.tyc.edu.tw
s省立新店高中校友站	newcentury.twbbs.org
s致用中學龍群鳳族	bbs.cycivs.tcc.edu.tw
s師大附中	bbs.hs.ntnu.edu.tw
s員林高中紅樓白宮	bbs.ylsh.chc.edu.tw
s振聲中學藍杉小站	bbs.fxsh.tyc.edu.tw
s泰北中學泰北采風	linux.part.tpsh.tp.edu.tw
s馬公高中-天人菊小站	bbs.mksh.phc.edu.tw
s馬公高中-仙人掌小站	ccca.mksh.phc.edu.tw
s高市三民高中湖畔織星	lakes.twbbs.org
s高市小港高中水雲港灣	hkhs.twbbs.org
s高市中山高中校友站 (水綠色年代)	watergreen.twbbs.org
s高市左營高中蘋婆樹下	bbs.tyhs.edu.tw
s高市左營高中蘋婆樹籽	bbs2.tyhs.edu.tw
s高市前鎮高中怡園小站	bbs.ccsh.kh.edu.tw
s高市道明中學多明尼克	dmbsd.twbbs.org
s高師附中玲瓏居停	bbs.nknush.kh.edu.tw
s高雄女中斑城資訊站	bbs.kghs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中正高級中學	bbs.cchs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中學紅樓築夢	bbs.kshs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中學資研資研矽都	ksitrc.twbbs.org
s高縣鳳山高中鳳中之音	ccbbs.fssh.khc.edu.tw
s高縣鳳新高中追憶小築	itrc.twbbs.org
s高縣鳳新高中懷松小築 (官方站)	fcsh.twbbs.org
s高縣鳳新高中斑馬小築	fhcrc.twbbs.org
s國立金門高中平林新月 (支持HyperBBS)	bbs.kmsh.km.edu.tw
s國立清水高中鼇峰山下	bbs.cshs.tcc.edu.tw
s國光中學光之夢殿	kkhs.twbbs.org
s崇先中學目光相對	linshi.twbbs.org
s復旦中學	fths4.fths.tyc.edu.tw
s複華中學bbs站	fhhs.twbbs.org
s復興高中永成木瓜牛奶 (休站中)	bbs.fhsh.tp.edu.tw
s景美女中黃衫客	bbs.cmgsh.tp.edu.tw
s華江高中破曉風行 (校友站)	hc.twbbs.org
s華江高中憂藍星空	bbs.hcsh.tp.edu.tw
s新竹女中	bbs.hgsh.hc.edu.tw
s新竹高中竹傲風淩	hchs.twbbs.org
s新竹高中竹筍小站	bamboo.hchs.hc.edu.tw
s新竹高中全國竹友 (校友站)	chu.twbbs.org
s新榮86年高中部 (畢業班班版)	wtoer.twbbs.org
s瑞祥高中有情天地	bbs.rssh.ks.edu.tw
s彰化女中欖仁風情	spring.chgsh.chc.edu.tw
s彰化高中華陽夢想家	dreamer.chsh.chc.edu.tw
s彰中資訊社e資獨秀 (資訊社BBS)	chic.chsh.chc.edu.tw
s嘉義女中甯園小築 (校友站)	cgsh.twbbs.org
s興國高中浩宇興空	bbs.hkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s豐原高中紫荊花城	bbs.fysh.tcc.edu.tw
s復旦中學蛋之塔 (官方站)	bbs.fths.tyc.edu.tw

d國民中學
s台中市西苑國中	bbs.syjh.tc.edu.tw
s台中市崇倫國中	muses.cljh.tc.edu.tw
s台中市漢口國中諾亞方舟	bbs.hkjh.tc.edu.tw
s臺北縣蘆洲國中	bbs.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s台東縣池上國中	bbs.csjh.ttct.edu.tw
s台東縣知本國中小木屋	bbs.cpjh.ttct.edu.tw
s台東縣寶桑國中	cc.tcbjh.ttct.edu.tw
s台南市立復興國中	bbs.fhjh.tn.edu.tw
s立人國中天空之城	bbs.ljjh.tc.edu.tw
s青年國中 (Prot:24)	ftp.qnm.ks.edu.tw
s宜蘭復興國中	bbs.fsjh.ilc.edu.tw
s南榮國中二年一組	wuhome.twbbs.org
s建國國中理想之國	bbs.ckjhs.tyc.edu.tw
s高市右昌國中	bbs.yocjh.kh.edu.tw
s高市英明國中	bbs.inmjh.kh.edu.tw
s高縣五甲國中滄海	linux.wzm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣仁武國中	linux.sc213.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣內門國中	bbs.nmm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣田老撾中月世界	linux.tia.ks.edu.tw
s高縣蚵老撾中	bbs.sc241.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣圓富國中	linux.sc228.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣旗山國中	bbs.csj.ks.edu.tw
s高縣福誠國中	bbs.ftm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣鳳西國中火鳳凰	bbs.fxm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣橋頭國中秘密花園	linux.sc218.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣燕巢國中	bbs.ycm.ks.edu.tw
s蘆洲國中	bbs.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s蘆洲國中蔔派站	popeye.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s鶯歌國中陶瓷之都	bbs.ykjhs.tpc.edu.tw

d國民小學
s台中市黎明國小	bbs.lmes.tc.edu.tw
s台中師院實小長頸鹿	bbs.ntctcps.tc.edu.tw
s台中縣中華國小	linux1.chps.tcc.edu.tw
s台中縣合作國小	bbs.htps.tcc.edu.tw
s台中縣清水國小	bbs.cses.tcc.edu.tw
s台南市復興國小	bbs.fhes.tn.edu.tw
s永清國小	163.19.207.1
s光榮國小	139.175.22.240
s坪頂國小	bbs.pdes.kh.edu.tw
s忠孝國小	bbs.zxp.ks.edu.tw
s南屯小學犁頭店	bbs.ntes.tc.edu.tw
s楠陽國小BBS站	nyps.twbbs.org
s桃園縣中小學資訊網	bbs.tyc.edu.tw
s高雄市光榮國小	bbs.kjes.kh.edu.tw
s高雄市和平國小	bbs.hpps.kh.edu.tw
s高縣中路國小	163.16.40.2
s高縣後紅國小	163.16.12.2
s高縣登發國小大貝湖	bbs.df.ks.edu.tw
s高縣潮老撾小	bbs.tlp.ks.edu.tw
s高縣興糖國小	bbs.xtn.ks.edu.tw
s福康國小	bbs.fkps.kh.edu.tw
s潭陽國小孩子國	bbs.tyes.tcc.edu.tw

dCERNET免費IP_臺灣_新竹交大
s臺灣新竹交大 咖啡因	caffeine.iem.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 伊電園	eden.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 CCCA快樂坊	bbs.ccca.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 電物(伊比鴨鴨)	bbs.ep.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 資工鳳凰城	bbs.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 交大資科	bbs.cis.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 交大管科	Cinderella.ms.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 交大機械	bbs.me.nctu.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 運工管網路芳鄰	bbs.tem.nctu.edu.tw

d暫時無法連接
s無名小站_學術網★	wretch.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s小魚的紫色花園_已併入ptt 	ptt.cc
s臺灣新竹交大 工管站	bbs.iem.nctw.edu.tw
s臺灣新竹交大 交大電控	www.cn.nctu.edu.tw 
s臺灣新竹交大 臺灣文化	twserv.csie.nctu.edu.tw


d臺灣網際網BBS_Internet
s臺灣 無名小站_web★	bbs.wretch.cc
s臺灣 Yahoo!奇摩大摩域	bbs.kimo.com.tw
s臺灣 宜蘭資教 山水蘭陽	ilan.twbbs.org
s臺灣KKcity bbs城邦★_700個分站	bbs.kkcity.com
s臺灣itoc 動力核心	processor.tfcis.org
s臺灣中央情報局	bbs.e-cia.net
s臺灣BBS聯盟之 盈月繁星	ms.twbbs.org
s臺灣電玩站 巴哈姆特_web★	bahamut.twbbs.org
d政府機關
s台南市資教	bbs.tn.edu.tw
s宜蘭資教山水蘭陽	ilan.twbbs.org
s金門資教七鶴戲水	bbs.km.edu.tw

d民間單位
s21村樂園	toh.twbbs.org
sALOHA-啊羅哈	aloha.twbbs.org
sASUSTek電腦公司	asustek.asus.com.tw
sAnime (140.126.34.190)	anime.twbbs.org
sAric宏基科技公司	www.sertek.com.tw
sB (140.113.140.65)	birds.twbbs.org
sB612星球	alex.twbbs.org
sBiT巨蛋資訊網路	www.bit-info.com.tw
sCNA (140.127.177.26)	cna.twbbs.org
sCSLAB (140.127.185.41)	cslab.twbbs.org
sForBBS站	bbs.ntca.edu.tw
sFreeBSD_BBS站	freebsd.twbbs.org
sFreeBSD_小惡魔的家	386bsd.twbbs.org
sGAKI的天堂	gaki.twbbs.org
sHKL_BBshkl.twbbs.org
sHOPE_NET光碟月刊	www.hope.com.tw
sHOTEL	hotel.twbbs.org
sHuang-Ptt-實業坊	bbs2.encntc.edu.tw
sJustFish	justfish.twbbs.org
sKDSL實驗站點	kdsl.twbbs.org
sKKCITY	bbs.kkcity.com.tw
sLinux (140.119.199.199)	linux.twbbs.org
sMAC的家	mac.twbbs.org
sMekky小站	mekky.twbbs.org
sMercedes-Benz	benz.twbbs.org
sNOVA資訊充電站	bbs.nova.net.tw
sPC_Home_電腦家庭	bbs.pchome.com.tw
sSCIENCE	sci.twbbs.org
sSEEDNet (login:bbs)	bbs.seed.net.tw
sScully的溫暖小窩	scully.twbbs.org
sUnix專門站	unix.twbbs.org
sVernice's_HOME	vernice.twbbs.org
sX-ZONE	xzone.twbbs.org
sYahoo!奇摩大摩域	bbs.kimo.com.tw
sjcc	jcc.twbbs.org
sno	fdding.twbbs.org
s２１村樂園	toh.twbbs.org
s一笑茶舫	na.twbbs.org
s二三子	ihatebbs.twbbs.org
s二毛小站	cydye.twbbs.org
s土匪窩	chat.twbbs.org
s大工寮	ntutiebbs.twbbs.org
s大宇資訊	bbs.softstar.com.tw
s大黑社會	bigblacksociety.twbbs.org
s小Y之家	yaha.twbbs.org
s小布丁的家	pudding.twbbs.org
s小吉	gg.twbbs.org
s小米米的窩	cutemimi.twbbs.org
s小松鼠的家	priv.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s小花秘密花園	spoty.twbbs.org
s小紅帽	it.twbbs.org
s小迪爵王子的城堡	sonora.twbbs.org
s小倫倫的家	atup.twbbs.org
s小梳子打混中心	kot.twbbs.org
s小站	tsbbs.twbbs.org
s小惡魔的家	bsd.twbbs.org
s小蜜蜂花園	smallbee.twbbs.org
s小蝦夢工廠	shrimp.twbbs.org
s小橘子思樂園	orange.twbbs.org
s小龜家族	turtle.twbbs.org
s小蟲窩	allena.twbbs.org
s小蟹蟹的沙灘	cancer.twbbs.org
s山中居士	pccu.twbbs.org
s山水蘭陽	kelly.twbbs.org
s中一中BBstcfsh.twbbs.org
s中時報系BBS站	db.chinatimes.com.tw
s中國海資訊站	inrc1.twbbs.org
s公視資訊中心	bbs.pts.org.tw
s厄瑪奴爾	catholi.twbbs.orgc
s天工化境	ccuce.twbbs.org
s天才之家	genius.twbbs.org
s天皇	wisely.twbbs.org
s天堂樂園	sin.twbbs.org
s天涯海角	free.twbbs.org
s天蠍	scorpio.twbbs.org
s天蠍宮	elvis.twbbs.org
s太陽放假	louis.twbbs.org
s尤裏西斯創作空間 (文學創作天地)	ulysses.iis.sinica.edu.tw
s心靈休憩站	lep.twbbs.org
s心靈驛站	hearty.twbbs.org
s日光街道	corn.twbbs.org
s日光機場	sunny.twbbs.org
s月光家族	moonlight.twbbs.org
s月夜星空	ns.twbbs.org
s木棉花的天空	yaha.twbbs.org
s水晶土撥城	marmotbbs.twbbs.org
s水雲間	stand.twbbs.org
s水綠色年代	watergreen.twbbs.org
s主機系統應用發展	unixorg.ttn.com.tw
s加州陽光BBscal.twbbs.org
s北區高中站	tp.twbbs.org
s可愛海豚站	dolphin.twbbs.org
s叫阮第一名	woo.twbbs.org
s另類核家歡	nthuess2.twbbs.org
s臺北之音	vot.isl.net.tw
s臺灣學網模特兒資訊網	model.twbbs.org
s四化二打屁天堂	4ch.twbbs.org
s平水相逢	ping.twbbs.org
s末世紀	jtn.twbbs.org
s末世紀幻想	phantasy.twbbs.org
s正在構思中^^	mcsp.twbbs.org
s正義學園	bbs.thitsrc.net
s生物資訊	bioinfo.twbbs.org
s生活工坊	ariel.twbbs.org
s白日夢情報交流網	bbs.dds.com.tw
s白金之星	platinum.ccl.itri.org.tw
s皮卡丘BBsbec20162.twbbs.org
s石門小站	shrmen.twbbs.org
s石頭樂園	stone.twbbs.org
s伍智資訊站	bbs.fives.com.tw
s光子宇宙	ciss.twbbs.org
s光武計中-映陽關渡	kw.twbbs.org
s光?網際夏日殺手	bbs.skbbs.com.tw
s光榮驛站	bbs.krjh.tcc.edu.tw
s全國社教BBS站	social.twbbs.org
s印地安部落	venture.twbbs.org
s印象幼稚園	maltese.twbbs.org
s地下社會	cvic.org
s地下站	underground.twbbs.org.tw
s地獄之火地下逼逼ㄟ死站	hellfire.twbbs.org
s多啦叮噹站	dora.twbbs.org
s好風如水-文化站 (表演藝術..)	bbs.3pstudio.net
s好評總站	admin.twbbs.org
s宇宙大	cosmic.twbbs.org
s成長的足跡	diane.twbbs.org
s早安蘭潭	bbs.infoland.hinet.net
s有夢有朋友	cherish.twbbs.org
s死胖子資訊服務網	avatar.twbbs.org
s羊窩	sar.twbbs.org
s考試評量討論站	puppy.twbbs.org
s自強堡壘	strong.twbbs.org
s西亞神殿	cibbs.twbbs.org
s我的角落	bbs.mycorner.com.tw
s串起你我的心	multihearts.twbbs.org
s位元基因	bytegene.twbbs.org
s似河情愫	erwin.twbbs.org
s伯利恒	hope.twbbs.org
s呆呆小築	daidai.twbbs.org
s快樂天堂	ftbbs.twbbs.org
s杜鵑花城	ltsh.twbbs.org
s沉默之沙	silentsand.twbbs.org
s秀傳紀念醫院	bbs.show.org.tw
s亞歷山大	alexander.twbbs.org
s兔兔的窩	cracker.twbbs.org
s其翼若垂天之雲	wings.twbbs.org
s幸運女神事務所	goddess.twbbs.org
s幸運斑馬	lzc.twbbs.org
s征服未來	ftf.twbbs.org
s怡華實業	bbs.ihwa.com.tw
s性虐待外星球	sm.twbbs.org
s明潭之戀再興人家	bbs.thsh.tp.edu.tw
s東升鳳揚	fengho.twbbs.org
s松崗電腦 (免費)	dwbbs.unalis.com.tw
s松鼠站	sophia.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s松濤情懷與斑城故事	kh.twbbs.org
s松濤斑城	khhs.twbbs.org
s河馬的窩	super.twbbs.org
s泛亞資訊多多洛站	totoro.comptech.com.tw
s狗狗小棧	gogo.twbbs.org
s狗與鹿報社	kewei.twbbs.org
s社情男女	sed.twbbs.org
s社會福利(社福)	168.95.192.10
s芭樂園	barra.twbbs.org
s花情商意	hlbh.twbbs.org
s芸兒雅築	valenhsu.twbbs.org
s表演工作坊	perform.twbbs.org
s長青世界	pct.twbbs.org
s阿波羅NEXT資訊站	bbs.seeder.net.tw
s阿爾卑斯	alps.twbbs.org
s阿魯巴BBsaluba.twbbs.org
s阿龍	bbs.mitac.com.tw
s雨中情人	rainy.twbbs.org
s雨鄉清音	rain.twbbs.org
s青色之星	lunar.twbbs.org
s幸運草之戀	segaa.twbbs.org
s盈月與繁星	ms.twbbs.org
s信義學舍BBsbbs.dailylove.org
s便便的窩	pipi.twbbs.org
s勇者逗惡龍	hd.twbbs.org
s南友小站	tainan.twbbs.org
s南光書院	w3.nkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s南國之境	dc205.tcu.edu.tw
s南極企鵝家	pingu.twbbs.org
s哎呀~ (140.137.51.51)	art.twbbs.org
s幽靈的城堡	mikesun.twbbs.org
s春捲廣場	spring.twbbs.org
s星夜小築築夢坊	starnight.twbbs.org
s星空	stars.twbbs.org
s星空下的夜裏	great.twbbs.org
s星星之戀	jacky.twbbs.org
s星海之家	sc.twbbs.org.tw
s星情小築	SF.twbbs.org
s星塵	stardust.twbbs.org
s星夢小築	dream.twbbs.org
s柔安小站	elvera.twbbs.org
s柏克萊的天堂	berkeley.twbbs.org
s毒小龍酷不溜丟站	eddie.twbbs.org
s流氓龍的角頭	dragon.twbbs.org
s流星花園	garden.twbbs.org
s紅色月亮	redmoon.twbbs.org
s紅蜻蜓	cthuang.twbbs.org
s美人山	bbs.cycivs.tcc.edu.tw
s美少女夢工廠	pm.twbbs.org
s美夢成真	wdmc.twbbs.org
s致民藺草園	cmjh.twbbs.org
s英俊山莊	luis.twbbs.org
s計研辦公室	crc.twbbs.org
s迦南研究室ＢＢＳ	canaan.twbbs.org
s風吹草動	bighead.twbbs.org
s風城科研	sciencecamp.twbbs.org
s風城藍衫	gillight.twbbs.org
s風與塵埃的對話	wdbbs.net
s飛郎	suen.twbbs.org
s飛盤小天堂	jls.twbbs.org
s個人實驗站	pro.twbbs.org
s原型轉態	history.twbbs.org
s原野風的故鄉	nknuscout.twbbs.org
s旅行家BBsbbs.tic.net.tw
s時空幻境	max.twbbs.org
s時報資訊狂鷹站	bbs.tol.com.tw
s柴門霍夫	ipa.twbbs.org
s桃花源物語	freebsd.smjh.csnet.net.tw
s海水正藍	mstku.twbbs.org
s海角一樂園	teresa.twbbs.org
s海流之村	voc.twbbs.org
s海豚bbs站	bbs.chainsome.com.tw
s海藍軒	ocean.twbbs.org
s海鷗的小窩(銀座之月)	hiall.twbbs.org
s浩天小學堂	gimmy.twbbs.org
s浩瀚星塵	sea.twbbs.org
s烏魯木齊	ck.twbbs.org
s留學交流基金會	arc.org.tw
s留學資訊電子資料庫	bbs.arc.org.tw
s真佛資訊網臺灣鏡射站 (login:bbs)	rtlib.kmch-a.kmc.edu.tw
s書齋軒	211.21.191.123提供個人及團體板
s破曉時刻	sunrise.twbbs.org
s秘密地帶	ntutee.twbbs.org
s神化世界	chem.twbbs.org
s神鬼尖兵	pilot.twbbs.org
s神劍闖江湖的世界	caleb.twbbs.org
s粉紅色河馬	hippo.twbbs.org
s紡工竹子湖畔	hammer.twbbs.org
s純真年代	yss.twbbs.org
s荒謬化境	weird.twbbs.org
s茶酒仙居之清淡小站	wtda.twbbs.org
s迷你圈圈站	circle.twbbs.org
s升技BBsbbs.abit.com.tw
s高坡家園的BBS站	kpps.twbbs.org
s高點考情交換站	gt1.get.com.tw
s假日森林	holiday.twbbs.org
s動力雞世界	pc.twbbs.org
s國民黨溫馨小站	bbs.kmt.org.tw
s基飛城市	liugi.twbbs.org
s情話軍艦岩	chilian.twbbs.org
s捷豹科技泥巴大地	bbs.mud.com.tw
s教育我的家	ntnuedu.twbbs.org
s啟東科技皮皮資訊	bbs.pi-pi.com.tw
s淡淡的藍	wto.twbbs.org
s淡紫楓林	purplemaple.twbbs.org
s混沌之界	chaos.twbbs.org
s混沌世界	hch.twbbs.org
s笨狗城堡	oltis.twbbs.org
s笛卡兒	thief.twbbs.org
s聊天魔窟	devil.twbbs.org
s連法小站	lanfar.twbbs.org
s連城客棧	value.twbbs.org
s都市叢林	cf.twbbs.org
s鳥鳥的站	bird.twbbs.org
s麥維斯	bin.twbbs.org
s麻辣教師GTO	gto.twbbs.org
s創世紀	ultima.twbbs.org
s菩提心園	bodhi.twbbs.org
s敦煌孤城	mlcc.twbbs.org
s散場之後	movie.twbbs.org
s斯人站	gaju.twbbs.org
s晶圓	superec.twbbs.org
s智邦生活BBS館	bbs.url.com.tw
s湛藍情海	lovesea.twbbs.org
s測試小站	che.twbbs.org
s焚而不毀	mgcc.twbbs.org
s無名小築	noname.twbbs.org
s無聊老人家	debug.twbbs.org
s程式設計小站	prog.twbbs.org
s等待清風	hwaja.twbbs.org
s給我一顆星星	meamea.twbbs.org
s舒馨二八老人站	u3414b.dorm.ccu.edu.tw
s華人基督徒信望愛 (基督信仰,宗教..)	bbs.fhl.net
s華年小集	literature.twbbs.org
s虛擬校園	fcmuds.twbbs.org
s虛擬情人	vlover.twbbs.org
s虛擬實境	vr.twbbs.org
s詠華家族	cyndi.yao.com.tw
s貿易契約	wwwbit.twbbs.org
s閑閑沒事	cc.twbbs.org
s雅典娜的衛城	athens.twbbs.org
s雅舍小築	rical.twbbs.org
s雲鳥天堂	picchu.twbbs.org
s黃土高原	hwai-en.twbbs.org
s黃色的月亮	yellow.twbbs.org
s黃昏的故鄉	sunset.twbbs.org
s黑色建築師	axix.twbbs.org
s黑洞天	nicknick.twbbs.org
s亂世佳人電氣媾合場域	gww.twbbs.org
s傳說中的藍色	blue.twbbs.org
s傷心咖啡店	cafe.twbbs.org
s傷心咖啡店之歌	scs.twbbs.org
s傻瓜樹	tree.twbbs.org
s傻蛋休息室	akid.twbbs.org
s嗨客走狼	hicker.twbbs.org
s圓夢天堂	hearty.twbbs.org
s愛斯特裏亞	yawl.twbbs.org
s愛夢尋天地	kill.twbbs.org
s新。測試國	test.twbbs.org
s新世紀	newage.twbbs.org
s新新人渣網路新生態	newscum.twbbs.org
s新樂園	journal.twbbs.org
s暗黑星雲	dark.twbbs.org
s暗影大地	shadow.twbbs.org
s楓紅雅築	mapleleaf.twbbs.org
s溫馨小站	warmth.twbbs.org
s溫馨花園	cvnn.twbbs.org
s瑞技網路	bbs.zgi.com.tw
s萬惡的沙威瑪	nidor.twbbs.org
s萬寶路地下站	sino.twbbs.org
s聖典星艦	bbs.goodpoint.com.tw
s葛瑞塔	greta.twbbs.org
s資工二乙	bowen.twbbs.org
s達達八卦電臺	ddstar.twbbs.org
s達達資訊站	bbs.tracey.com.tw
s過客之家	seti.twbbs.org
s鉛色水鴨	vicky.twbbs.org
s電研地下要塞	crcugf.twbbs.org
s電腦技術討論	jkdd.twbbs.org
s鳳梨甘蔗園 (port23,2000~2003)	bbs.101main.net
s嘉一BSdway.twbbs.org
s嘉工BBscyivs.twbbs.org
s嘉工藍色海平面	cyivs.twbbs.org
s夢之國度	dcb.twbbs.org
s夢幻天堂	jilt.twbbs.org
s夢幻國度	vdw.twbbs.org
s寧靜天堂	zeus.twbbs.org
s寧靜湖	lake.twbbs.org
s漂浮島BBS站	pfd.twbbs.org
s漂漂媛媛的家	bbs.shihmark.com.tw
s漱芳齋	balmy.twbbs.org
s熊爸的窩	dino.twbbs.org
s熊窩	bear.twbbs.org
s瘋橋驛站	oio.twbbs.org
s碧潭風情	pitan.twbbs.org
s碩誠資訊站	bbs.sayya.org
s精子	sperm.twbbs.org
s網路老人茶	24m.twbbs.org
s網路社會工作室	css.twbbs.org
s網路展望會	bbs.cvic.org
s網夢人	cdm.twbbs.org
s網際新世界	netoworld.twbbs.org
s臺灣研究生網路俱樂部	graduate.twbbs.org.tw
s與鯨共舞	whale.twbbs.org
s蜜蜂資訊站	chs.twbbs.org
s趕集小鋪	cej.twbbs.org
s酷企鵝的家	xola.twbbs.org
s酷斯拉樂園	ptman.twbbs.org
s銀河星系	dove.twbbs.org
s漫遊之星	WanderingStar.twbbs.org
s劍舞風城	sword.twbbs.org
s嘻嘻嘻	ccc.twbbs.org
s嘻嘻嘻嘿快樂坊	ccca.nctu.edu.tw
s廣華電子	ul.cpu.com.tw
s德惠小站	ttu.twbbs.org
s德惠監獄BBS站	ttudorm.twbbs.org
s撥撥小站	vkyoung.twbbs.org
s模特兒資訊網	model.twbbs.org
s模擬器專業站	emubbs.twbbs.org
s線上解答問題	onlinehelp.twbbs.org
s蔚藍海岸	perl.twbbs.org
s諸比特	jupiter.twbbs.org
s諸神的藍天	blue.twbbs.org
s調頻二號網	fm2.twbbs.org
s豬頭紀公園	php.twbbs.org
s靠邊站	standaway.twbbs.org
s魯屁小站	lupy.twbbs.org
s樹技小築	stit.twbbs.org
s橄魂BBS站	rugby.twbbs.org
s機車小饒的靠邊站	heaven.pine.ncu.edu.tw
s獨角獸的家	unicorn.twbbs.org
s築夢小站	mdream.twbbs.org
s築夢木屋	life.twbbs.org
s築夢幽情	fd.twbbs.org
s築夢雅軒	dreamer.twbbs.org
s貓頭鷹的窩	hello.twbbs.org
s駱駝小站	camel.twbbs.org
s龍群鳳族	cycivs.twbbs.org
s龍龍之屋	nt.twbbs.org
s優惠資訊站	bbs.u-fan.com.tw
s燦爛陽光SunnyNet	bbs.sunny.org.tw
s糟了！誤上賊船	sobdomi.twbbs.org
s謎思樂園	arfan.twbbs.org
s點點星光	moonriver.twbbs.org
s簡單空間	ez.twbbs.org
s織夢天涯	dreamsky.twbbs.org
s藍色天空資訊站	bluesky.twbbs.org
s藍色可樂基地	cafa.twbbs.org
s藍色嚮導	bluegenie.twbbs.org
s藍洞BBS站	bluehole.twbbs.org
s藍衫海風	blueshirt-seawind.twbbs.org
s藍風夢園	tech.twbbs.org
s蟲之家	pcbug.twbbs.org
s豐原幼獅	fyyouth.twbbs.org
s豐原資訊生活站	fylife.twbbs.org
s醫工魅影	charm.twbbs.org
s醫心·醫德	m91.twbbs.org
s雞丁帝國	cs1d.twbbs.org
s癡情中國	nthucl.twbbs.org
s羅浮小站	rover.twbbs.org
s羅德島	bangbang.twbbs.org
s霧丸的站	aloha2.twbbs.org
s鯨品店	whale.twbbs.org
s寶棋資訊投資決策	bbs.apex.com.tw
s蘭芷向陽	lanyang.twbbs.org
s鐵達尼架苦小站	jacker.twbbs.org
s魔幻電力	mp.twbbs.org
s魔法王國 (MagicBBS討論)	bbs.sysv.net
s魔數空間	rickwang.twbbs.org
s歡樂小棧	ccnt3.twbbs.org
s歡樂中國城	happytown.twbbs.org
s歡樂聚會	titan.twbbs.org
s靈魂新世界	soul.twbbs.org
s莊腳店仔	hookah.twbbs.org
s昶陽資訊澎湖水產	bbs.phmhs.phc.edu.tw
s洄瀾小築	oceanic.twbbs.org
s  哩岸上的低語	chilian.twbbs.org

d暫時無法連接
s省立台中圖書館	bbs.ptl.edu.tw
s中國時報	bbs.tol.com.tw
s中國物理學會	physbbs.iams.sinica.edu.tw
s省府環保署	bbs.twdep.gov.tw
s臺北之音	vot.isl.net.tw
s台南市資教	192.192.170.1
s台中市資教	bbs.tecb.edu.tw
s金門資教七鶴戲水	bbs.km.edu.tw
s廣華電子公司	ul.hinet.net
sSEEDNet BBsksts.seed.net.tw
sTANet實驗站	aidebbs.edu.tw


d香港BBS
s香港網站 HKIBBS_web 	bbs.org.hk
s香港地 HKDAY★_web 	hkday.net
s香港地 HKDAY_ssh 	bbs.hkday.net:22
s香港 二次元空間_web 	bbs2.hk
s香港 紅磨坊	redbbs.org
s香港大學(限校內訪問)	compsoc.hku.hk
dCERNET免費ip_香港地區
s香港科技大學 清水灣	hkust.dhs.org:8000
s香港科技大學工學院	engbbs.ust.hk
s香港科技大學 eng	engbbs.ust.hk
s香港浸會大學	bbs.comp.hkbu.edu.hk
s香港中文大學 人間仙境gb 	cssa.hn.org:2323
s香港中文大學 人間仙境web 	bbs.oal.cuhk.edu.hk

d暫時無法連接
s香港科技大學 sis 	sisbbs.ust.hk
s請用流覽器訪問：BBSHK翠	http://www.bbshk.com:80
s請用流覽器訪問：香港互動	http://www.hkwbbs.com:80
s長眠地下資訊站	zzzzbbs.org
sE-fever	bbs.e-fever.org:3333
s葡萄樹	vine.org.hk


d大陸公眾網BBS_Internet
d大陸BBS站點大多支持big5轉換和web發文

s中科院 科苑星空★	kyxk.net
s中科院 科苑星空_SSH 	210.77.17.20:22
s中科院 藍天站(大氣物理所)	159.226.62.67
s中科院 曙光站(智慧電腦中心)	159.226.41.166
s派派bbs ☆ 	sopai.com
s派派bbs ssh 	sopai.net:22
s兩全其美 ★ 	lqqm.com
s兩全其美 ssh 	lqqm.net
s一見如故 ☆ 	yjrg.com
s一見如故 ssh 	yjrg.com:22
s新水木清華 ★ 	newsmth.net
s嘀哩哩站 	bbs.dilili.com
s中山聯通 翠亨茶寮	bbs.zsuninet.com
s汕頭電信 黃金海岸	bbs.754.cn
s北大中國 未明空間	mitbbs.cn
s深圳 一網情深	bbs.sz1net.com
s中國CISCO論壇	bbs.ccxx.net
d提供公網功能變數名稱的教育網BBS
s水木清華_國外	proxy.smth.org
s北京郵電 北郵人_公網	forum.byr.cn
s復旦大學 日月光華_公網	bbs.fudan.sh.cn
s河北大學 燕趙BBS_公網	tobbs.hbu.edu.cn
s中國科大 瀚海星雲_公網	ustcbbs.ustc.edu.cn
s深圳大學 荔園晨風_公網	210.21.223.239
s桂林電子工業學院 灕江夜話_公網	gliet.edu.cn

d暫時無法連接
s水木清華_公網	proxy4.smth.org
s南京大學 小百合_公網	lilybbs.net


d大陸教育網BBS_CERNet
d2004年教育網十大BBS
s北京大學 一塌糊塗 20040913被關	ytht.net
s清華大學 水木清華 20050316封校	smth.org
s南京大學 小百合 20050322分站	bbs.nju.edu.cn
s復旦大學 日月光華	bbs.fudan.sh.cn
s北京大學 北大未名 校內	bbs.pku.edu.cn
s華中理工 白雲黃鶴	bbs.whnet.edu.cn
s西安交大 兵馬俑 校內	bbs.xanet.edu.cn
s上海交大 飲水思源	bbs.sjtu.edu.cn
s南開大學 我愛南開	bbs.nankai.edu.cn
s華南理工 木棉站	bbs.gznet.edu.cn

d清華大學
s清華大學 水木清華(舊)	smth.edu.cn
s清華大學 水木清華(舊)_ssh 	bbs.tsinghua.edu.cn:22
s清華大學 7#奇景	166.111.3.245
s清華大學 7#奇景_SSH 	166.111.3.245:22
s清華大學 虛擬世界	166.111.154.35
s清華大學 Happy BBs166.111.160.66
s清華大學 聽濤站	bbs.tingtao.net
s清華大學 聽濤站_SSH 	bbs.tingtao.net:22
s清華大學 自在心語_SSH 	166.111.72.12:22
s清華大學 經管家園	166.111.164.21
s清華大學 經管家園_SSH 	166.111.164.21:22
s清華大學 大話西遊(zixia)☆	zixia.net
s清華大學 大話西遊_SSH 	202.205.10.8:22
s清華大學 KissU	bbs.thu.cn
s清華大學 自由空間	166.111.172.66
s清華大學 自由空間_SSH 	166.111.172.66:22
s清華大學 溫馨小屋	166.111.161.221
s清華大學 第六星際	202.112.54.2
s清華大學 荷塘月色	166.111.30.161
s清華大學 綠緣	219.224.187.23
s清華大學 如來神掌	rlsz.org
s清華大學 如來神掌_ssh 	rlsz.org:22
d暫時無法連接
s清華大學 自由世界	166.111.48.196


d北京大學
s北京大學 北大未名★	bbs.pku.edu.cn
s北京大學 大話西遊	162.105.245.5
s北京大學 cs963	162.105.6.250
s北京大學 數學學院	bbs.math.pku.edu.cn
s北京大學 數學學院_SSH 	162.105.70.3:31222
s北京大學 BTBBsbtbbs.org
s北京大學 天網搜索論壇	bbs.bingle.com.cn
s北京大學 微電之光	162.105.77.61
s北京大學 桃花潭	thtpku.3322.org
d暫時無法連接
s北京大學 一塌糊塗■紀念	ytht.net
s北京大學 一塌糊塗_SSH 	bbs.ytht.net:22
s北京大學 數學學院(老)	162.105.69.116
s北京大學 生物資訊	162.105.250.143


d華北：北京
s中國人大 天地人大☆	bbs.ruc.edu.cn
s中國農大 五色土☆	202.205.80.137
s北郵 真情流露☆	bupt.org
s北京郵電 北郵人	forum.byr.edu.cn
s北京郵電 鴻雁傳情	oldbbs.byr.edu.cn
s北師大 木鐸校園論壇web 	www.muduo.net:80
s北京工大 知新園	202.112.78.8
s北京化工 勝古朝陽	bbs.buct.edu.cn
s北京科大 幻想空間	202.204.59.204
s北京航空航太 未來花園	202.112.137.7
s北方交大 藍色寶石	bbs.Bluegem.org
s北方交大 紅果園	bbs.bjtu.edu.cn
s北方工大 西山莊園	202.204.25.3
s對外經濟貿易大學 小天鵝	bbs.uibe.edu.cn
s華北電力大學 心電感應	bbs.ncepubj.edu.cn
s河北大學 紅色戰線(小雨如絲)	redline.hbu.cn
d暫時無法連接
s北師大 京師網事	bbs.bnu.edu.cn
s北師大 木鐸金聲	mdjs.org
s北京郵電 網路驚魂	0.0.0.0
s燕山大學 風鈴屋	bbs.ysu.edu.cn


d華北：天津、河北、山西
s天津大學 天大求實☆	bbs.tju.edu.cn
s天津大學 天大求實_SSH 	202.113.13.188:2000
s南開大學 我愛南開★	bbs.nankai.edu.cn
s河北大學 燕趙BBsbbs.hbu.edu.cn
s山西大學 亦狐BBsbbs.sxu.edu.cn
s太原理工 雲開月明	bbs.tyut.edu.cn
s太原理工圖書館 書海之星	bbs.lib.tyut.edu.cn
s中北大學 寒泉BBsbbs.nuc.edu.cn:22
d暫時無法連接
s內蒙古大學 塞外風情	bbs.imu.edu.cn


d華東：上海、南京
s復旦大學 日月光華★	bbs.fudan.edu.cn
s上海交大 飲水思源★	bbs.sjtu.edu.cn
s同濟大學 同舟共濟	bbs.tongji.edu.cn
s同濟大學 同舟共濟_ssh 	bbs.tongji.edu.cn:22
s華東理工大學 梅隴客棧	bbs.ecust.edu.cn
s上海理工大學 月滿滬江	202.120.223.56
s中科院上海分院 生命玄機	bbs.cst.sh.cn
s南京大學 小百合★	bbs.nju.edu.cn
s南京大學 百草園_百合二站	202.119.32.101
s南京大學 石頭城	202.119.44.17
s南京理工 星海之舟	bbs.njust.edu.cn
s南京郵電 紫金飛鴻	202.119.230.80
s東南大學 虎踞龍盤	bbs.seu.edu.cn
d暫時無法連接
s復旦大學 燕曦_水源小百合可穿梭	starweb.vicp.net
s南京大學 小百合_big5 	bbs.nju.edu.cn:2323


d華東：山東江蘇浙江安徽江西福建
s中國科大 瀚海星雲★	bbs.ustc.edu.cn
s解放軍電子工程 蜀山秀水	bbs.eei.edu.cn
s浙江大學 海納百川	bbs.zju.edu.cn
s浙江大學 笑書亭_66站_Fterm故鄉	cu.cn-bbs.org:6666
s浙江大學 笑書亭_66站_遺址	bbs.dot66.net:6666
s浙江大學 縹緲水雲間_88站	ise.vicp.net
s浙江紹興 聽雨軒	bbs.yymm.net
s寧波大學 數字潮甬	210.33.23.32
s山東大學 泉韻心聲	bbs.sdu.edu.cn
s山東大學 岱北聆泉	daibei.net
s河海大學 水上明珠	bbs.hhu.edu.cn
s廈門大學 鼓浪聽濤☆	bbs.xmu.edu.cn
s廈門大學 山澗雲雪	sjyx.3322.org
s福州大學 庭芳苑	bbs.fzu.edu.cn
s集美大學 集美學村	bbs.jmu.edu.cn
s江蘇大學 光天化日(惡人谷)	210.28.76.3
s南通大學 江風海韻_原南通師院	210.29.64.16
s中國礦業大學 放鶴亭	202.119.199.87
s杭州電子科技 圍爐夜話	210.32.32.9
d暫時無法連接
s共青森林	SMMU.cn-bbs.org:3333
s廈門大學 古廟鐘聲	cs3.xmu.edu.cn
s南昌大學 滕王閣序	bbs.ncu.edu.cn
s江西師大 中正社區	http://www.jxsd.cn:80
s煙臺大學 煙雨樓臺web 	bbs.ytu.edu.cn


d華南：廣東、廣西、深圳
s華南理工大學 華南木棉	bbs.gznet.edu.cn
s華南理工大學 豬頭BBsbbs.ztbbs.org
s華南理工 w18技術交流	w18scut.3322.org
s華南師範大學 陶園BBsbbs.scnu.edu.cn
s華南師範大學 陶園BBS測試站	202.116.32.92:2323
s華南農業大學 東籬采菊	bbs.scau.edu.cn
s廣東工業大學 南國飄香	bbs.gdut.edu.cn
s暨南大學 暨南園	bbs.jnu.edu.cn
s中山大學 逸仙時空	bbs.zsu.edu.cn
s汕頭大學 鬱金香BBsbbs.stu.edu.cn
s深圳大學 荔園晨風	bbs.szu.edu.cn
s廣西師範大學 煙雨灕江	bbs.gxnu.edu.cn
s桂林電子工業學院 灕江夜話	bbs.gliet.edu.cn
d暫時無法連接
s半邊海	hace.cn-bbs.org
s磨盤山	bbs.glnc.edu.cn


d西南：四川、重慶
s四川大學 藍色星空	lsxk.org
s成都理工 綠茵BBsbbs.cdut.edu.cn
s重慶郵電 幽幽黃桷蘭	bbs.cqupt.edu.cn
s西南交大 錦城驛站	bbs.swjtu.edu.cn
s西南財經 草堂茗香	bbs.fancysky.net
s西南民族師範 筆山書院	bbs.qxntc.edu.cn
s電子科技大學 一網深情	bbs.uestc.edu.cn
d暫時無法連接
s零起點	zero.cn-bbs.org


d華中：湖南、湖北、河南
s華中科大 白雲黃鶴★	bbs.whnet.edu.cn
s華中科大 亭台水榭	ttsx.cn-bbs.org
s華中科大 亭台水榭_SSH 	ttsx.cn-bbs.org:2222
s華中科大 喻信星空	bbs.eistar.net:2600
s華中師大 桂子山莊	bbs.ccnu.edu.cn
s武漢大學 珞珈山水☆	bbs.whu.edu.cn
s中南大學 雲麓園	bbs.csu.edu.cn
s中南大學 雲麓園_SSH 	bbs.csu.edu.cn:22
s中國地質大學 侏羅紀公園	bbs.cug.edu.cn
s鄭州大學 鄭大綠城_測試	bbs.zzu.edu.cn:2323
d暫時無法連接
s華中科大 青年園	iwant.cn-bbs.org
s華中科大 愚人樂園	fool.cn-bbs.org:8888
s鄭州大學 鄭大綠城	bbs.zzu.edu.cn


d東北，西北
s東北大學 白山黑水	bbs.neu.edu.cn
s吉林大學 牡丹園☆	bbs.jlu.edu.cn
s大連理工 碧海青天	bbs.dlut.edu.cn
s大連醫科大學 濱海浩蓮	bbs.dlmedu.edu.cn
s哈工大 紫丁香☆	bbs.hit.edu.cn
s哈工大 紫丁香_SSH 	bbs.hit.edu.cn:22
s西安交大 兵馬俑★	bbs.xjtu.edu.cn
s西安交大 UNIX編程	202.108.204.149:2323
s西安電子科技大學 雁塔晨鐘	bbs.xidian.edu.cn
s蘭州大學 思雨小語	siyu.cn-bbs.org
d暫時無法連接
s北極星	bjsing.net
s北極星(SSH)	bjsing.net:22
s光光灌水站	29bbs.wox.org
s大連民族學院 海韻松濤	bbs.dlnu.edu.cn



d海外華語BBS
s美國斯坦福大學 牧場物語	bbs.stanford.edu
s美國伊利諾大學 又愛又喜	bbs.cssa.uiuc.edu
s美國西雅圖 愛逗空間big5 	bbs.idlespace.net
s美國哥倫比亞大學 藍蘋果	columbiabbs.com
s美國留美管理學會 海闊天空	bbs.ppunion.org
s北大美國 未明空間 麻省理工	mitbbs.com
s北大美國 未明空間 麻省理工ip 	69.25.77.83:232
s南開美國 異域桃源	yyty.org
s美國一塌糊塗資料備份_web 	https://ytht.org/:80
s南大小百合 海外站★	lilybbs.us
s美國 天天壇_ssh 	tttan.com:22
s美國 天天壇	tttan.com
s英國 康莊BBS_web 	kangzhuang.ucam.org
s英國 達特茅斯 biggreen_web 	bbs.dartmouth.edu
s澳大利亞 藍色天空big5	bbs.bluesky.net.au
s馬來西亞 網路社區	bbs.myonehost.com
s新加坡南洋理工 北緯一度	155.69.144.139:2000
d有華人的地方就有華語BBS！

d暫時無法連接
s瑞典 自由空間fsbbs.org	193.11.231.129:3000
s澳洲 誤上賊船 bbs.overseas.net	202.61.254.193
s加拿大 飄雪的城市van.twbbs.org	209.53.47.230
s北大美國 未明空_edu 	bbs.mit.edu:24
s美 馬里蘭大學itcz.twbbs.org	129.2.9.80
s美 聖荷西95112 bbs.banbanli.ne	64.0.150.33
s美國猶他州州立大學 風雲再起	129.123.8.220
s美國北德克薩斯大學 北德之家	UNT.cn-bbs.org:6789
s美國賓夕法尼亞大學 費城中國人	Philly.cn-bbs.org 
s馬來西亞 大紅花的國度	bbs.myonehost.com


d2005新增位址：請Google"全球華語BBS"
sytht.org 海外資料備份_web
s臺灣 虎尾科技大學 計中尋夢園	bbs.nfu.edu.tw
s臺灣 國立宜蘭大學 蘭雨情懷	bbs.niu.edu.tw
s香港科技大學_清水灣	hkust.dhs.org:8000
s中北大學 寒泉BBS (山西)	bbs.nuc.edu.cn
s清華大學 協和醫學院_ssh 	222.28.170.251:22
s華南理工 開心衰仔站	bbs.stru.net:2000
s南大小百合 海外籌建站	woft.net:10023
s南大小百合 海外站	lilybbs.us
s公網北京 一見如故	yjrg.net
s公網北京 嘀哩哩站	bbs.dilili.com
s公網 新水木清華	newsmth.net
s美國 天天壇	tttan.com
s華南師大 陶園測試站	202.116.32.92:2323
s臺灣 無名小站新功能變數名稱	bbs.wretch.cc
s香港 二次元空間_web 	bbs2.hk
s清華大學 如來神掌	rlsz.org
s清華大學 聽濤站_新功能變數名稱	bbs.tingtao.net
s清華大學 KissU_新功能變數名稱	bbs.thu.cn
s河北大學 紅色戰線	redline.hbu.cn
s華北電力大學 心電感應	bbs.ncepubj.edu.cn


